Xiaoyao
Your surname is Yao
Yes!
The Yao family, one of the four major families
I heard that when Tingchuan returned to China
On the same plane as Yao's daughter
Could it be that the two started to develop at that time?
Romantic
So it's Xiao Yao?
I didn't expect you to be with Ting Chuan
It's fate
Xiaoyao
Auntie will take you for a walk
Sister Lan, what is this?
He is an aunt
We usually don't want others to know about our relationship
Ah, what a sensible and good boy
Don't worry, he's Hirakawa's girlfriend
Girlfriend?
Mr. Zhu, everyone is saying that you brought your girlfriend here
This has to be dealt with
Who passed it on?
It seems that the old lady is with a woman
Introduce to everyone